this may is exactly what sube cooking's
all about you taking a lesser cut of
meat not on the most expensive parts but
one of the parts of the animal that's
worked really hard legs shoulders things
like that this is a big bold no-nonsense
dish it's not about mixing things up in
bowls and taking ages cooking things out
on the stove it's about getting it all
in the bag together and getting it into
the sous-vide it's gonna be in there for
14 hours so it's gonna have plenty of
time to get to know each other all those
flavors gonna mellow out we're gonna get
stock and juices coming out with the
pork and it's gonna mix with all those
are the flavors and start making the
basis for a great barbecue sauce later
on so to add some really great flavors
to our pork shoulder I've got some
cinnamon sticks I've got some black
peppercorns some star anise since Amanda
ketchup coca-cola always a winner and
grape molasses all of those flavors
combined are gonna give us that sort of
spice and that aromatics and all the
things that are gonna cook down really
really gently while we get all of the
flavor going through that pork shoulder
this sloka piece of meat is gonna be
just amazing it's gonna shred down
really really nicely and if you fold
some of that sauce through it you're
gonna get a really great pulled pork we
take a big backpack bag and our pork
goes in the Ryan's been taken off this
because it just the wrangled are really
chewy and horrible it's not gonna be
something that's gonna be nice to eat so
fastly butcher to take a rind off then
next goes one cinnamon stick two of
these lovely star anis they're gonna add
so much flavor in with a few peppercorns
whole black peppercorns are so much
better because you can actually see them
and fish them out afterwards
you've got the cracked black pepper in
there it'll turn to mush and it just
won't be very nice to eat also going in
there is our coca-cola it's about a cans
worth so you don't really need to worry
too much about measuring that half and
the liquid going in there is grape
molasses now if you haven't heard of
grape molasses it's just an unrefined
grape sugar that they can't
trade it down you could use golden syrup
you could just use normal sugar I just
think this adds a really really nice
flavor in there so a good glug of that
in there and finally some smart ketchup
now tomato ketchups got that really nice
gastric thing happening it's got the
sweet and the sour going on but it's
also got a cinnamon and all sorts of
other little bits and bobs in there
that'll give it a great balanced flavor
so get that it we need to get all the
air out of the bag now so that we get
all of the liquid in close contact with
the meat 82 degrees for 14 hours and the
popper in and that's just gonna be
fantastic when it comes out later on
like 14 hours is flown by and I'm just
gonna check out this box they're in
they're so lovely slow-cooked all those
juices in there now you could take those
juices throw a can of tomatoes into them
into a pan and reduce it down and make a
really nice glaze for a barbecue sauce
or a little bit of smoked paprika maybe
a little bit of chili but today I'm just
gonna lift this piece of meat out of
here and we're gonna do it almost pulled
pork style it's just it smells so so
good that meats lost a little bit of the
size and that's because of all the fat
that's come out of it and it's just
gonna shrink down a little bit don't
worry too much maybe order a little bit
more than you actually need and you can
keep it it'll keep quite well you could
tease it apart take the strings off and
just pull these little bits of pork out
like this these lovely little nuggets of
this slowly braised pork like that and
that'd be great as it is or crisped up
in a pan or maybe on the side of the
barbecue but I quite like slice it
through like this so you get to see that
lovely juicy pork now this is absolutely
what you want to find on a nice sunny
day with a few cold beers and some
potato salad and a nice little bit of
mizuna now the simplest dressing for
this is just a little bit of rapeseed
oil a little bit of salt some cracked
black pepper and a little bit of lime
and if you roll the lime on the bench
first it'll give me about five times
more juice than if you just cut it
straight away and it's because you're
bruising all the bits inside three like
so good squeeze over
let's us up to make sure all those
leaves are coated we have lovely pork
cooked in great molasses and coca-cola
the 14 hours that this piece of pork is
spent in the serbia is transformed it
from being one of those tough underused
cuts to be in one of my favorite things
to eat that soft melting pork that has
that fantastic flavor from all those
spices and the coca-cola and the
molasses that went in there earlier i've
just made this one of those dishes that
you want to go back to again and again
and again the marinade that was leftover
you could reduce down shred this pork
into it and turn it into pulled pork and
just spoon it into rolls and you'd get
much more out of it it would be one of
those dishes that you feed 15 or 20
people with and this will be a dish that
people ask for the recipe for it's so so
good I really like the contrast of the
lime in there the cuts through a little
bit of that sweetness and the fattiness
of the pork that's left as well makes
such a good dish and it's just in time
for summer it's a cracker
we've got loads more simple and sublime
recipes like this one for you to whip up
at home with your Burton sous-vide so
subscribe to our YouTube channel for
lots more tips and ideas
you